Works around windows x86 in-tree build if CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P is not set (#413)
intel/opencl-clang: CMakeLists.txt

use_rtti(FALSE)
use_eh(TRUE)

> if (_M_X64 OR __x86_64__)

Reviewer: are _M_X64/__x86_64__ portable for all platforms?

use_eh(TRUE)

if (CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P EQUAL 4)
  set(ADDR 32)
elseif (CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P EQUAL 8)
  set(ADDR 64)
else ()

>   # CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P is not set on windows x86 somehow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P might not be set on windows x86 in in-tree build
```

>   message(STATUS "[OPENCL-CLANG] CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P is not set")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  message(WARNING "[OPENCL-CLANG] CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P is not set")
```
